Tell me about yourself.
Have you done anything exciting lately?
What made you smile today?
How did you meet the host?
What's your favorite form of social media?
What was the last good book you read?
Do you listen to any podcasts? Which is your favorite?
What do you think is the best show on Netflix right now?
Have you been on any interesting trips lately?
What do you think has been the best movie of the year so far?
What song do you wish you could put on right now?
Are you a cat person or a dog person?
Do you think you're an introvert or an extrovert?
If you didn't have the job you have now, what would you be?
What's your strangest hidden talent?
What is something people are always surprised to learn about you?
What is the most rewarding part of your career?
Where do you want to be in five years?
What superpower do you wish you could have?
Where would you go on vacation if you had no budget?
If you could travel back in time, what decade would you choose to live in?
What's the best thing you've ever bought off Amazon?
What's the last concert you went to?
What is one thing you can't live without?
What's the strangest dream you've had recently?
What is your favorite book of all time?
How many countries have you been to?
What's your favorite city you've visited?
Would you rather travel via plane or boat?
Would you rather be really hot or really cold?
What are your thoughts on the British royal family?
Do you like documentaries? Have you watched any good ones recently?
Who is your favorite celebrity couple ever?
Which celebrity couple do you wish would get back together?
If you could host a talk show, who would you have on first?
I love that shirt/jacket/dress/shoes. Where did you get it?
Wow, it's so hot/cold in here.
Doing anything fun this weekend?
Do you have any pets?
What's one interesting thing about yourself no one really knows?
What do you do for a living?
If you could move anywhere, where would you go?
What was the last movie you saw?
What do you normally do for fun?
What hobby do you wish you had more time for?
If you weren't here, what would you be doing?
What are your long-term goals?
Who is your role model?
What did you want to be when you were a kid?
What is your biggest regret in life?
What are the top three things on your bucket list?
What has been your biggest accomplishment so far?
What is one thing you wish you could do that you know you probably never will?
How have your priorities changed in the last 10 years?
What's the nicest thing anyone has ever done for you?
Describe your perfect weekend.
What's the most controversial opinion you have?
If you could change one thing about your personality, what would it be?
What's the first thing you would do if you won the lottery?
If you could invite one famous person to dinner, who would it be?
Who do you miss the most from your past?
Do you ever sing in the shower?
What is the worst piece of advice you've ever gotten?
What's the most embarrassing thing that's happened to you recently?
Tell me about the worst pickup line you've ever gotten.
What weird conspiracy theory do you believe?
Is a hot dog a sandwich?
Which celebrity would play you in a movie about your life?
What's the weirdest thing you loved as a child?
What is something that's really popular right now that will be ridiculous in five years?
What's the worst trend you've ever taken part in?
What's your go-to joke?